gupiao
I did not sleep well after my 'date' with Erika (WVC Ch.16: The Blue Goose). The e-mail waiting for me the next morning Thursday, March 26th was from the Economics Department.

"You are now ready for your first level of Training. On Saturday, be at 734 Elm Street promptly at 7 PM, and as before, eat lightly and dress casually. Continue to take your blue diamond shaped pills every day between now and then, once in the morning and once in the evening. In addition, follow the regimen of the herbal supplements. Bring your leather cock strap and your collar."

I re-read it twice to make sure that I hadn't missed anything. But there was no mention of not ejaculating. Maybe the trainings were going to be different and I would be able to empty my balls on a more regular basis. I was hopeful, and distracted. Concentrating on my classes on for the rest of the week proved to be nearly impossible.

And Saturday was worse. Worried that I wouldn't measure up to what would be required of me that evening, I kept pacing my dorm room. Both apprehensive and excited by the unknown, I walked back and forth, with my cock remaining adamantly erect. Neither I nor it could relax.

Promptly at 7 PM, I arrived at the house on Elm. As usual, the door was unlocked, but this time, there was no note. And there was no blindfold waiting in the chair either. Evidently, visual deprivation wasn't to be part of my training.

After discarding my clothes, I noticed that there were no sandals. I wasn't looking forward to walking on the presumably sharp rocks that formed the driveway outside the house. Butterflies filled my stomach as I buckled the black leather collar around my neck, snapped the strap around my already swollen cock and balls, wrapped the thin white robe around me and sat down to wait. Expecting to hear a car drive up, I was totally surprised to hear a door open in the back, followed by the click, click, click of high heels coming down the hallway toward me.

I was even more surprised to see Erika appear, wearing black leather boots and a robe identical to mine. She wore no mask, having her dark hair pulled back away from her beautiful face and a black collar buckled around her neck. And through the thin cotton, the spiky points of her erect nipples were clearly visible. My cock surged in appreciation.

Her dark blue eyes were glittering as she smiled.

"Good evening, Bill. Are you ready for your first training session?"

Nervously, I nodded.

"I guess so."

"Stand up."

Obediently, I rose to my feet, feeling my cock sway back and forth as it protruded out from between my thighs, the sensitive bulb rubbing against the soft cotton. She glanced down at the tent it made in the front of my robe.

"Open your robe. Show me your penis."

From her words, I thought she must be taking the role normally assumed by Mistress. I immediately complied, holding my robe wide for her inspection. Dropping her gaze down below my waist, she nodded, watching my cock sway, twitching higher under her direct scrutiny.

In slow motion, Erika reached down and curled her hand around my thickened shaft, weighing me in her palm. After a moment, she started to squeeze and stroke me, milking more blood into the still expanding stalk. Just before I was completely erect, she let go, studying the way my heavy pole cock swung back and forth, pointing out toward her.

"Let's go. We don't want to keep Mistress is waiting."

Gathering the robe about me, I held it tightly closed as we I followed her swaying hips the hallway and into the small kitchen. I had never seen it before. Spotless, it looked as if it were never used.

Instead of leading me outside, Erika opened a door that appeared to double back into the interior of the house. Swinging it open, the stunning brunette paused on the landing, waiting for me to catch up. Once I was standing beside her, she bolted the door so no one could follow, and then headed down a flight of stairs. I didn't even realize there was a basement in the house.

They were steep and narrow, lit only by a single wall sconce at the bottom. Creaking underfoot, they seemed to be part of the original construction of the house, probably in the 1930's. Once we reached the bottom landing, she paused again, whispering to me.

"We leave our robes here, before we enter the Playroom."

As she opened I stared, mesmerized by the sight of her magnificent body. During the Supplication Ceremony (WVC Ch.14), I'd been dazzled by the sheer amount of female skin so that I didn't remember the details of her splendid form. I think she wore the same knee high boots and half corset made of supple black leather as last weekend. Tanned thighs extended up to slim hips that showed the barest hint of a tan line from a tiny string bikini. The shiny metal decorating her plump pussy lips I did recall, a single bar arranged vertically at the very top of her slit.

As she shimmied to slide the white cotton off her broad shoulders, I admired the way her full breasts swayed above her corset, riding high over the edge of the black leather. Despite their lazy movement, they appeared to be firm enough not to need any support. Crowned with large pointed nipples, already puckered and fiercely erect in the dim light and with the reddish brown areolas slightly oval shaped, they were glorious. I could barely see any tan line on those superb globes, so I guessed she spent the majority of her time in the sun topless.

Underneath my robe, my cock jerked higher as I continued to admire her exquisite body as she turned to hang her robe on an empty hook, the muscles in her firm ass rippling with every graceful movement. When she turned back to me and saw that I still dressed, she hissed.

""You better get out of that robe. We've kept Mistress waiting long enough."

"Yes Ma'am."

As she watched, I hastily yanked it off my shoulders and draped it over one of the remaining hooks. When I turned back to face her with my jutting cock swinging freely, she watched it sway back and forth as she gave me final instructions.

"When we go inside and greet Mistress, follow my lead."

"Yes Ma'am."

I was now fully erect, and Erika smiled down at twitching pole.

"This is going to be fun."

Turning to push open heavy door, she whispered over her shoulder.

"The Playroom is also known as the 'Dungeon'."

Taking a deep breath, I followed her bare ass into the next room.

It was surprisingly large, and I guessed that it must lie under the entire house. There were low lights ringing the periphery, perhaps two dozen of them, wall sconces hung on the rough brick, illuminating the interior. High up on the ceiling, there were several spotlights, focused on the center of the floor. Dark curtains obscured two of the walls, the one toward the front of the house and the other opposite the single entrance door.

Unfamiliar looking wooden furniture had been shoved against the back wall. Hung on the exposed brick of the remaining sections were dozens of forbidding implements, whips, chains, ropes, paddles and many tools that I didn't recognize. Mistress Shannon stood in the center, just out of the bright spotlight, watching me scan the room.

Clad in a black leather corset, one that contrasted with her pale skin and lifted and supported her exquisite breasts, leaving them partly exposed with her large oval nipples bare, dark red and eagerly erect. Below, her prominent pussy lips glistened, moist and slightly open. Like last weekend, she also wore thigh high leather boots and a full head mask, with her long reddish brown hair pulled into a ponytail. She smiled as Erika sank to her knees in the middle of the spotlight, bowing down to her Mistress and touching her forehead briefly to the carpeted floor.

"Good evening, Mistress Shannon. I thank you for your gracious time tonight."

Raising her head and shoulders from the floor, my trainer opened her knees so that her nude pussy was spread wide to the other woman. Clasping her hands on top of her head, Erika arched her back, offering her proud breasts up to her Mistress. I recognized a kneeling version of the 'Present' position.

When Mistress turned to me. I suddenly realized what was expected. Dropping quickly to my knees, I bowed down to her, all the way to the floor, resting my forehead against the carpet. I was surprised to find it padded, the type of indoor outdoor carpet you might find on a screened porch. I waited for a moment, and then straightened back up. Arching my back and sliding my knees wide, I mimicked Erika's pose.

"Mistress Shannon, thank you for your time tonight."

Through the mask, I could see her green eyes, glittering as she studied me.

"Are you ready for your first training session, Bill?"

I nodded vigorously, feeling my stiff cock bob up and down with the force of my assent.

"We'll see."

Without another word, the tall brunette entered the bright spotlight and as she strolled toward us, I caught a glimpse of the leather riding crop she carried in her right hand. Ignoring Erika, Mistress Shannon came to a halt right in front of me, standing with her booted feet spread well apart. My eyes were drawn to her exposed crotch. I couldn't help but stare at the full lips between her thighs, gleaming in the light. Round and fleshy, they seemed plumper than I remembered, but then again, I'd only tasted them. I'd never seen them.

Reaching out, she leisurely ran the tip of the riding crop across my chest. I shivered at the contact of the cool leather. Although the temperature in the room was quite comfortable, I could feel goose bumps rising on my skin as she continued to let the crop play over my upper torso.

I jumped as she tapped my left nipple. It didn't hurt. It just surprised me. As she flicked the bud, I felt it stiffen under the gentle touch. Once she was satisfied that it was erect as possible, she repeated the sequence on the other one. Once it too was pulsing with arousal, Mistress abandoning my chest and drew the crop down, tracing the ridges of my abdominal muscles, ever so often lightly patting the taut skin with the leather tip.

Sliding still lower, she caressed my hairless pubic mound with the soft leather, just above the base of my now wildly excited cock. Jutting straight out between my spread thighs, it seemed to be begging for attention. Bending at the waist, Mistress casually tapped my engorged cockhead, bouncing the swollen log up and down.

"Your penis appears ready to play, Bill."

I swallowed heavily as she swatted it harder, watching it rebound from the force of her blow.

"Yes, so eager and energetic."

She smacked it once more, studying the way it gradually came to bobbing, twitching stop.

Erika knelt about two feet away from me, and l was surprised as Mistress Shannon slipped between us and turned toward me. Sliding her booted feet well apart, she snapped the riding crop sharply against the sleek leather of her leg and gave me her first command.

"Face me."

Immediately, I swiveled ninety degrees and resumed my spread knee position so that I was looking up between her open legs. Through them, I was surprised to see Erika pivot to mirror my position. I had thought the order had been directed only toward me. I guess I was wrong.

After turning, Erika had replaced her hands on top of her head, so I followed suit. With her muscular thighs spread wide, I could clearly see that the inner lips of her pussy were flushed and moist with excitement, glistening under the light overhead. And with Mistress facing me with her booted feet well apart, I now had two pairs of excited pussy lips to admire. My stiff cock twitched higher.

Breaking my reverie, Mistress slipped the end of the crop under my chin and lifted my face so that I was looking into her masked face. There was a smirk on her lips.

"I understand that you would have liked to kiss Erika the other night?"

Immediately, I felt my face color. I tried to swallow.

"Yes Ma'am, uhh - Mistress."

Nodding, she ran the leather tip of the crop across my mouth. I could feel my hard-on pulsing between my open thighs as she caressed my dry lips.

"It's good that you readily acknowledge it. Open."

I assumed that she meant my mouth, so I parted my lips. Once I followed her instruction, she slid the soft leather inside, running it all around the interior before lightly tapping the top of my tongue.

"In the Club, members don't kiss to show affection. We kiss only when we have something to share. Tongue."

Again guessing what she wanted me to do, I extended my tongue, sticking it out of my mouth toward her. Nodding approvingly, she flicked the pointed tip with her crop. It didn't hurt, but she definitely had my attention.

"Tonight, you will get to kiss her. Would you like that?"

In response, my raging erection bobbed eagerly up and down before I could retract my tongue and answer.

"Yes Ma'am."

She smiled, and even behind her mask, I could see the gleam in her green eyes.

"Up. On your knees."

With my thighs spread apart, it was awkward, but I managed to struggle to rise all the way up onto my knees. Mistress Shannon stood close enough that I caught a whiff of her spicy perfume, noting a hint off cinnamon which I hadn't detected before.

"Tongue."

Out came my tongue, again pointing straight at her, but this time it was aiming right between her legs. The inner lips of her pussy had bloomed, extending beyond the plump outer petals to curve enticingly down into the gap between her thighs. I knew what was next. And my cock throbbed.

"Don't move."

As I waited with my tongue outstretched, she slowly shoved her hips forward, easing her glistening pussy lips onto the expectant tip. As she made contact, I heard her sigh.

"Lick."

Obediently, I started lapping at the soft lips, long slow strokes up, paying particular attention to the rigid nub at the top. The room was silent as I continued to service her, occasionally stiffening my tongue so I could plunge it into her cleft. I was having difficulty getting enough leverage to go deep inside. There was a breathy catch in her voice when she spoke again.

"Use your hands. Hold on."

Immediately, I pulled them off my head to grab her outer thighs so I could drive my firm tongue into her yielding pussy. Imagine my surprise when I discovered Erika's hands already gripping her strong legs. What was she doing back there?

I'd become so involved with servicing Mistress Shannon that I'd completely forgotten about my trainer. Stopping momentarily to catch my breath, I heard distinct slurping sounds, very similar to those that I'd been making. Suddenly, it dawned on me that Erika must be servicing her ass.

I didn't have time to think as Mistress cupped the back of my head and drew my face into her crotch. As I resumed licking her moist slit, she sighed again and started to pump her hips, moving slowly, pressing her succulent pussy onto my tongue before pushing back into Erika's face. Her breath was becoming increasingly ragged as she gave me more directions.

"When I cum, don't swallow."

As she picked up the pace of her hip thrusts, I sensed that her climax was fast approaching.

"Gather as much of my nectar in your mouth as you can."

She was panting now, pumping her hips into my face, driving my stiff tongue farther into her drooling hole with short, sharp thrusts."

"Then you may kiss Erika."

Humping my face with abandon, she grabbed the back of my head with both hands and cried out. Her already slick pussy started to spasm.

"Open!"

Just in time, I parted my lips to receive the first burst of her fluid. The sheer force of it startled me, and I jumped when it hit the back of my throat. Another quickly followed, spurting out of her and into my mouth. I tried not to swallow, but it was difficult as she gripped the back of my head and unloaded between my lips. I could feel it oozing out the sides of my mouth, but there was little I could do until she finished her orgasm.

Finally, she gave one tremendous shudder and released her double handed grasp of my head. On wobbly legs, she slid out from between us, leaving Erika and me to face each other, still on our knees. I didn't know what to do, but my trainer took over.

As I waited with my mouth full of feminine nectar, the gorgeous brunette crawled to me, her full breasts swaying beneath her torso while she was on her hands and knees. Once she reached me, she rose up onto her knees again and took my face between her hands. First she licked the side of my face, and with a look in her eyes I'd never seen before, she kissed me.

Her tongue wormed its way between my lips, forcing me to open. And as soon as I did, she sucked the sweet fluid out of my mouth, sipping her hands around to the back of my head. Swirling her tongue around the inside of my mouth, she jousted with me, mixing our saliva with Mistress' juice as she mashed her lips against mine. I lost track of the time as she continued to kiss me, and when she finally released her strong grip, I was out of breath. Sitting back onto her booted heels, a huge grin spread across her beautiful face.

"That's how we kiss in the Club."

I liked it. No, I loved it, evidenced by the stiff cock jutting out between my open thighs, bobbing eagerly up and down. A single tap from Mistress' crop on my shoulder brought back my attention.

"Stand up, Bill. And present your penis."

Obediently, I struggled to my feet, very conscious of the thickened log swinging freely between my legs. As I assumed the 'Present' position, Erika also rose, disappearing behind me in the shadows. I could hear her, busy at the wall, but I couldn't see what she doing.

Mistress Shannon strolled over to me, curling her hand around the base of my swollen shaft. I hadn't notice before, but the deep red of her fingernails matched the exact shade of her aroused nipples. Squeezing me firmly, she slowly began to post up and down the full length of my stalk, watching her hand as she spoke.

"Did you enjoy kissing Erika?"

As she continued to pump my hard-on, I nodded, licking my lips and tasting Mistress' nectar, still pungent with a faint hint of cinnamon. Realizing that she wasn't watching my face, I cleared my throat and answered her.

"Yes Ma'am, uh, - Mistress.'

"I thought so. Your erect penis answered for you."

Blushing, I heard Erika approach as Mistress kept playing with my bloated pole. My breath grew shallow as we both watched the effect of her steady fisting. The slit at the tip of my cockhead bloomed wide and began to drool clear liquid.

"You have such a wonderfully responsive penis."

Redoubling her effort to milk more lubricating fluid out my open cockhole, Mistress continued as my trainer knelt on the floor behind me.

"Erika is going to put on the rest of your equipment for tonight. First, she's attaching a spreader bar to your ankles."

I had to shuffle my feet wider apart to accommodate the rigid bar. The lining was soft around my ankles. Once she had secured the bar, Erika stood and circled around to my front, holding a black leather leash and something small in her hand.

"Now she's going to wrap a leather cylinder around the shaft of your penis, just below the coronal ridge, a cock collar."

Mistress released my dripping pole so my trainer could fasten the inch wide collar. But first, she pinched my purplish bulb, squeezing the blood back down the full length of my stalk. I winced. She was strong and it didn't take long for my erection to wilt. Once it had softened, Erika gently slid the soft leather collar over my shrunken cockhead and laced it loosely around the upper section of my still thickened stalk, just behind the raised ridge of my bulb. Once it was secure, Erika clipped the thin leather tether to a small D ring attached to the curving upper surface of the cock collar. I realized that she could lead me anywhere with that leash.
"Tonight, we're going to let you keep your hands free, Bill. As long as you obey us and follow our instructions. Any questions?"

With her booted feet spread apart and her hands perched on her hips, Mistress waited for me. I did have one a question, but I hesitated to ask. The tall brunette spotted my indecision.

"What?"

"Uh, should I have a safe word?"

I could feel the green eyes boring into my soul as Erika used the leash to swing my stiffening cock lazily back and forth.

"I don't know. Would you feel better if you had one?"

I nodded, feeling my swelling pole bob up and down, agreeing with me.

"Okay. Say 'Yellow' to slow down, and 'Red' to stop completely. Can you remember that?"

"I think so."

Without lifting her steady gaze from mine, Mistress asked my trainer.

"Erika, did you ever have to use a safe word during your training?"

"No Mistress, never."

"Have you ever heard a Club member use a safe word?"

"Not that I know about."

Suddenly, Mistress Shannon smiled, a totally disarming one that caught me by surprise.

"But having one in place, just in case, will give you peace of mind."

Mistress retreated toward a darkened corner as my trainer wickedly grinned. Leaning toward me, she whispered.

"I hope you don't get in trouble, Bill. That took balls."

Abruptly, she giggled and reached down between my legs to cup my balls.

"Which you do have."

Still giggling, Erika tugged on the leash and had me follow her in a big circle, leading me around the outer edge of the spotlight. It was hard work. With the spreader bar keeping my feet about two feet apart, I walked awkwardly, stiff-legged and lurching from side to side as I tried to keep my balance. Glancing over her shoulder, my trainer had big grin on her pretty face as she watched me follow her.

Another bank of spotlights burst on, illuminating Mistress Shannon and a high padded table off to one side. Mounting a stepstool to climb onto the table, the brunette mistress turned around and sat down to observe us, demurely crossing one shapely leg over the other.

Twice around the circle and I was huffing and puffing. My trainer stopped, allowing me to catch my breath as she playfully swung the leash back and forth, causing my jutting erection to follow. Perched on the table, with her booted foot bobbing up and down, Mistress nodded.

"Tonight, you will service me, Bill. What you've already tasted was just an appetizer."

Leaning back on her hands, the statuesque brunette uncrossed her legs and let her thighs fall open. The plump lips of her pussy blossomed between them, revealing the delicate inner petals that I'd nuzzled only moments earlier. They glistened with her dew, sparkling under the bright lights like jewels.

"Tonight, you will drink my nectar until I have no more to give."

Erika gently pulled me forward, leading me to the edge of the table with that awkward stiff legged gait, right between Mistress' long legs. After adjusting the length of the leather leash, my trainer clipped the end she'd been holding to the D-ring at the front of my neck collar. She made it too short, which caused my thickened cock to be hoisted above horizontal, aiming up toward my face, swaying back and forth. Now that I was fully erect, I recognized the wisdom of having the leather cock collar laced loosely around my shaft. My hard-on had room to reach its maximum size.

"Lean forward, Bill. And taste my honey."

Mistress eased herself down the table so that her high heeled boots rested in stirrups built into the side. Her smooth pussy was on the very edge, open and waiting for me, her inner lips deep coral in color and glistening under the spotlight. As I bent over, I caught a glimpse of a single drop as it emerged from between the delicate folds and dripped onto the floor below. Settling between her pale thighs, I leaned onto the edge of the table, supporting my upper body on my elbows.

Extending my tongue, I edged closer, catching a strong whiff of her aroma just before lapping tentatively lapped at the shining flower blooming in my face. She tasted delicious, sweeter than when I knelt between her thighs earlier in the evening. Tapping me on the shoulder with her crop, Mistress smiled down at me when I lifted my head up.

"I might use this for encouragement."

Ducking back into her crotch, I started tonguing her with more purpose, finding the not so small button at the top of her yielding crevice and twirling my tongue all around it. As Mistress Shannon began to writhe against my mouth, she applied the crop to my shoulders, tapping me lightly. Her breath grew ragged as I continued tonguing her oozing pussy.

I wasn't paying attention to what Erika was doing behind me, so when the first swat came against my bare ass, it was a surprise. My trainer didn't hit me hard. It was just unexpected.

"Erika, - is using the same, - encouragement. At least to start."

The light swats on my butt gradually grew more intense, until she was really whaling away on my butt. I jumped with each blow, which caused the collared cock jutting out underneath me to bounce around as well. Because the leash was short, it restricted the range of movement, keeping my cock swinging in a fairly narrow arc. And the constant movement rubbed the leather against my skin, especially along the sensitive underside of the ridge of my cockhead, causing both pleasure and pain with the increased friction. It was an exquisite sensation.

Mistress began to moan, dropping her head back and letting the crop fall from her wrist as she grabbed the back of my head, holding me firmly against her crotch. Pumping her hips up off the table to meet each thrust of my tongue, she shuddered and arched her back, rising even higher she climaxed, sending a generous amount of her sweet nectar squirting from her pussy and splashing all over my face.

When Mistress collapsed and fell back on the table, Erika paused. I could hear heavy breathing from all three of us.

"Stand up and turn around, Bill. Show me your penis."

Quickly, I glanced down at my crotch as I straightened up. My swollen bulb looked enormous, shiny and dark purple as it bulging out from the restraining leather. Clumsy and awkward, I managed to turn around, my jutting hard-on swinging wildly between my spread thighs, bouncing against the shortened leash.

Erika's stiff nipples protruded out above the black leather corset, eager and outrageously erect, pointing toward me as they crowned her full breasts. Eyeing my bobbing pole, she let her riding crop tap the underside of the engorged bulb, bouncing it against the confines of the tether. Sliding the soft leather across the taut skin, she traced the high ridge that circled my cockhead, pressing hard enough to move my stiff cock in a wide circle.

Shimmering in the bright light, the first droplet of lubricating fluid appeared as my cockslit gaped open. Using the flat surface of her crop, my trainer smeared the clear liquid over the end, covering the rounded knob as more fluid emerged from my hole. Her voice low and throaty, Mistress reminded me.

"I'm not finished with you yet, Bill. Turn around."

A smack on my ass emphasized her command, and I readily obeyed, lurching back to face the reclining brunette and sending my now dripping cock into another series of violent oscillations. Behind her mask, she gazed down at my raging hard-on, watching it gradually come to twitching halt.

Lifting her hips up off the high table, Mistress Shannon thrust her moist pussy at me, reminding me of my duty. Licking my lips as I bent over, I saw that her inner lips had blossomed, the coral color now deep red. Extending my tongue, I began licking those inflamed petals, slippery with her nectar. As I warmed to my task, concentrating my energy on the rigid bud at the top of her cleft, I sensed Erika beside me.

Reaching underneath my torso, Erika flicked my cockhead with the crop, causing it to bob up and down. I winced as I kept tonguing Mistress, but I didn't pull away. The taps from my trainer grew sharper, bouncing my stiff cock until it strained against the limits of the leash. As the prone brunette approached a second climax, she snapped her crop across my shoulders, urging me on as her hips started to writhe on the table.

After swatting my jutting hard-on from the side, Erika moved back behind me and began working up between my widely spread thighs. Her aim was only approximate as she sometimes found the swollen knob with the tip of the leather crop while other blows landed on the underside of my cockshaft and still others smacked my balls. Those hurt, and I had difficulty focusing, but Mistress didn't seem to notice. She was busy enjoying the plunging action of my tongue and moaning loudly, thrusting her crotch up into my mouth as another orgasm overtook her.

Letting her riding crop slide to the table, she cried out and completely surrendered to the waves of emotion that swept over. Bouncing up off the table top, she humped my face, forcing my tongue deep into her groove. The discharge from her pussy had less power, but still impressive as she spewed her sweet juice into my mouth. As Mistress drifted down from the high of her climax, Erika returned her attention to my defenseless ass.

As the crack of the leather against my skin echoed off the walls, my trainer attacked my upturned ass cheeks with a renewed vigor. Leaning on the table, I squirmed under her relentless assault, causing my collared cock to bounce against the leash. With her knees still splayed apart, Mistress lifted her head up so she could watch Erika smack my butt. She grinned as I flinched with each direct hit.

"You're doing just fine, Bill. Don't stop now. Just keep going"

She flicked her riding crop on my shoulder and thrust her hips forward, guiding me back between her open thighs and offering her yawning pussy to me. Leaning over, I slid my tongue back between her dripping lips, twirling the tip around her stiff clit. Almost immediately, she started convulsing. This time, it seemed as if she couldn't stop, the series of orgasms that rippled through her sleek body went on and on as she humped my face.

Behind me, Erika matched the writhing brunette's passion as the blows grew increasingly intense, sharp whacks that really stung. Between keeping my tongue buried deep in Mistress Shannon's pussy and receiving the repeated blows on my defenseless ass cheeks, I was trapped.

The result must have appeared comical. While the spreader bar forced me to stay stationary with my feet planted well apart, I swiveled my hips back and forth as I tried to evade Erika's riding crop, causing my stiff pole to dance wildly, bouncing against the limits of the restraining leash.

Finally, after one last tremor, Mistress Shannon lay still on the table and my trainer stopped the barrage. She was breathing hard behind me, and I was panting, resting my forehead against the edge of the table. Between my legs, I saw her stride back to the wall with all the implements. When she returned, she was still a bit out of breath.

"Now we'll try something else."

Indeed, she brushed something much softer than a riding crop across my bare ass, almost like a teasing embrace rather than a whip stroke. Supple tendrils curled around my flaming butt, sliding into the valley between my cheeks, teasing the sensitive skin.

On the table, Mistress Shannon roused herself, sitting up slightly so she could reach my head. Surprisingly, her touch was almost tender as she ran her fingers through my wet hair. Cupping the back of my head, she gently urged me forward.

"More."

Obligingly, I nuzzled my face between her inviting thighs, lapping at her oozing lips as she moaned softly. She started to pulse against my mouth, lifting her hips up off the table and shoving her crotch into my face, matching my rhythm. Intent on driving Mistress to yet another climax, I was startled when Erika swung those flexible strands up between my open thighs.

The first stroke was still a caress, snaking up between my open legs to tickle my hanging balls and flick up the length of my bloated shaft. Feeling a little frisky, I wiggled my ass back at my trainer and that seemed to spur her on. The second was much harder, a blow that snapped as it struck my cock and balls. I yelped and rammed my stiffened tongue deep into Mistress's open cavity. Behind me, Erika chuckled.

"So you like the cat?"

I didn't answer, keeping busy between Mistress' thighs as her thrusts against my mouth grew sharper, more jagged as she approached the coming orgasm. My trainer played with me, targeting my upturned butt as she lazily swung the leather whip, teasing my skin as much as it stung.

With a loud cry, Mistress flung her head back and ground her crotch against my face. By this time, what had been a flood streaming out of her pussy had slowed to a mere stream, and I was able to lap up almost every drop. The ripples that coursed through her body were as strong as ever, and I had to grip her bucking hips to hold on. With one mammoth shudder, she collapsed back onto the table and I slowly straightened up, arching my back to stretch my cramped muscles.

Standing up and stretching thrust my engorged cock even farther out in front of me. I felt one soft hand slide across my flaming ass cheeks, pausing to squeeze as Erika drew close behind.

"This is getting nice and warm."

As she continued to fondle my butt, she peeked over my shoulder to gaze down at my outthrust hard-on, watching it tremble as I stood there. With her other hand, she reached around my torso and draped the leather strands of the whip over my swollen cock. I shivered. The collar laced tight around my shaft made the bulging head extremely sensitive to the soft leather.

"Mmmm. It looks like your penis is loving the attention."

I began to writhe between the hand massaging my ass cheek, and the supple tendrils dancing across my purple bulb. When I thrust my hips forward, trying to hump the dangling whip, Erika smacked my butt, hard. I jumped as the sound echoed off the walls.

"Back to work, Bill. I'm sure that Mistress has more nectar to give you."

Taking a deep breath, I dove back between the open thighs. It took Mistress Shannon longer to reach the heights of passion this time, and I had to work at it more, swirling my tongue all around her stiffened clit. As Mistress began murmuring, slowly approaching yet another climax, Erika stepped behind me, letting the ends of the whip trail over my upraised butt, tickling me.

The soft moans grew louder and Mistress started to writhe on the table top, pushing her yielding pussy against my face. Picking up the pace, I plunged my rigid tongue deep inside her, and she groaned, throwing her masked head back and lifting her hips up to meet my spearing tongue.

Matching the escalating rhythm, my trainer began to swing the whip, directing it to fall on my bare ass. It didn't hurt. It just urged me on, and Mistress Shannon responded to my attention, shoving her open crotch against my mouth. In and out, I drove into her, pausing to rest my weary tongue by licking and sucking, concentrating on the rigid button that protruded from the hood at the top of her crevice.

Erika changed direction and swung the whip up between my open thighs, the sinuous leather strands flicking the underside of my hard-on. I jumped and stabbed my tongue as far as I could into Mistress. She cried out and wrapped her booted legs around my head, trapping me as she squeezed my ears, trying to draw me even deeper. Gasping for air, she shuddered as ripples of involuntary spasms wracked her body. By this time, the flood had disappeared, replaced by only a trickle of sweet nectar dribbling out of her reddened lips as climax after climax swept over her.

Finally, she was done and fell back against the table, her magnificent breasts rising and falling with each panting breath. Breathing heavily myself, I stood up and stretched my back, my raging hard-on quivering as it protruded out in front of me. Looking down, I saw that my cockslit had gaped open and another large drop of lubricating fluid had emerged, glistening in the spotlight. I guess the tightened cock collar had made it difficult for my juice to flow.

Coming around beside me, Erika grinned, an evil glint in her deep blue eyes. With a clear line of vision, she took better aim at her target this time, swinging the whip upward and catching my inflated cock squarely on the underside of my shaft, causing it to bounce up and down, sending that droplet of clear liquid flying off the tip of my cockhead and high into the air.

When I flinched and involuntarily started to shy away, her voice was sharp.

"Don't you dare turn away! Face me! Assume the position, and arch your back!"

I hesitated just for a split second and then turned ninety degrees to face her, clasping my hands on top of my head and thrusting my now oozing cock out toward her. Her eyes blazing, she stared down at my trembling log as she swung the whip up between my legs. I caught my breath as the leather tendrils snaked up and curled around my throbbing hard-on. The first blow wasn't particularly painful, but they got worse.

After the fifth one, Erika paused, her full breasts heaving, the reddish nipples fiercely erect. Coiling the whip around her hand, she nodded down at my exposed crotch.

"I want that big penis of yours feel this, and really savor the pleasure of the whip."

In my peripheral vision, I caught a glimpse of Mistress Shannon, stirring on the table as she rose up onto one elbow to watch. My eyes grew wide as my trainer swung the whip up over her head and brought it straight down on my bulging cockhead. I cried out, writhing in agony as my stiff cock bounced wildly.

With slow, deliberate movements, Erika lifted the cat of nine tails and delivered another direct hit on my defenseless bulb. Once more I yelped, squirming under the stinging strands of the whip. Tears streamed down my face, and yet despite the pain, my hard-on showed no sign of abating. As my trainer prepared to apply the cat a third time, Mistress called a halt from the table.

"Erika, that's enough. Let's remember what our purpose is here tonight. Although judging by the strength of his erect penis, he seems to like the whip."

In the midst of the exquisite pain and the embarrassing assessment, I knew Mistress was right. I did like it. As I felt my own face blush deep red, I noticed that Erika's pretty face flushed as well. At first, I attributed to her exertions with the whip, but then I thought I detected something else. It dawned on me that she might be a bit mortified by being reprimanded in front of me, however lightly. Mistress Shannon lay back on the table and beckoned to me.

"Come, Bill. I have more for you."

She wasn't kidding. I busied myself between her legs, lapping at the seemingly endless stream of fluid that streamed from her pussy. Apparently, she had found a second wind, a reserve of sweet juice to deliver between my slurping lips. Despite my best effort to drink every drop, it leaked out of both sides of my mouth, dribbled down my chin and onto the floor, joining the clear pool of liquid that had seeped from the tip of my swollen cock.

I could hear my trainer walk away toward the exposed wall and then return. After her chiding by Mistress, I surprised when she delivered such a sharp blow to my upturned ass. It hurt more than any other I'd received so far. Startled, I cried out into directly Mistress' crotch, causing her to jump and setting off another series of rippling seizures.

Whatever Erika was using, it was hard and unyielding, covering a lot more of my defenseless skin. And it was loud. The sound of each swat echoed off the walls as I kept tonguing Mistress through one orgasm after another. Thankfully, my trainer didn't set as quick a pace with this implement, pausing between each stroke, waiting for me to continue to service Mistress Shannon. Eventually, the prone brunette collapsed on the table, leaving her shapely thighs splayed wide apart, oblivious to me and the rest of the world.
Thinking she was done, I stood up again, stretching. Behind me, Erika stopped with the beating. I shivered as she ran her hand lightly over my reddened buttocks, feeling the heat, letting her cool fingers trail across my flaming skin. She must have dropped the whip or paddle, or whatever she was using because she palmed both of my blazing ass cheeks in her hands. Stepping close to me, she whispered in my ear as she caressed them.

"I so love it when a pair of shapely, muscular ass cheeks glow with the reddish tint of a good spanking."

On the table, Mistress lifted her head, struggling to rise up onto her elbow. She watched my bobbing hard-on for a moment before raising her gaze to meet mine. Spreading her booted legs wider, she her fingers slide between them, idly stroking the button at the top of her cleft. It looked even bigger, like it was growing under all the attention.

"More."

The woman's appetite was inexhaustible. I took a deep breath and bent to apply my tongue to her sopping wet pussy. Almost immediately, she started trembling, squirting more of the clear fluid into my mouth.

Behind me, Erika sighed audibly and walked away, leaving my reddened buttocks slightly cooled from her gentle fingertips. I didn't expect the reprieve to last very long, and as the echo of her high heels signaled her return, I held my breath, still lapping at the distended knob sticking out from Mistress' pussy. I didn't have to wait long. There was a soft swish through the air before the whip landed, more painful than anything I'd experienced so far. I screamed and lunged forward, spearing my tongue deep into Mistress.

That sent her off on another series of orgasmic convulsions. Wrapping her thighs around my ears, she grabbed the back of my head and held me tight. With my hard cock bobbing wildly, I danced on my toes as another whip stroke landed across my bared ass, just inches below the previous one. I was preparing for yet another stinging assault when I felt the gentle fingertips of my trainer slid onto my blazing skin instead.

Gulping for air, l tried to breathe as Mistress squeezed the sides of my head, trapping me by the pincers of her thighs. As Erika continued to fondle my ass cheeks, now squeezing and massaging them, I began to move with her, matching her vigorous massage with my own writhing hip motions. Sliding one hand down between my parted ass cheeks to finger and tease my sphincter, my trainer then reached lower to cup my hanging balls and whispered.

"You like this, don't you, Bill?"

"Mmm."

I tried to reply, but my answer was completely muffled as Mistress still gripped my head in the vise of her thighs. Erika cradled my balls, rolling them in her palm as Mistress collapsed, falling back onto the table, totally exhausted. Resting on the edge of the table between her open legs, I glanced under my torso. My throbbing cock swung back and forth, bouncing against the restraining leash, my cockslit gaping wide and drooling lubricating fluid.

I stayed bent over and watched as Erika slid her hand up farther between my spread thighs, stretching up to find my engorged cock, fingers tickling the pulsing veins that lined the thick shaft. Her firm breasts pressed against my back as she leaned over me and circled my bloated stalk. As she squeezed, I moaned softly.

"Your big penis is ready to explode, isn't it?"

I started thrusting against her grip, trying desperately to find release, panting with the exertion. With my head down, I didn't even try to answer her this time, preferring to let my rhythmic hip movement speak for me. As I got closer to the edge, she stopped, abruptly pulling her hand away just before I came. When I lifted my head in frustration, I saw that Mistress was watching us.

"Not tonight, Bill. If you ever ejaculate without permission, when you've expressly been forbidden, you will be severely punished. Remember that."

"Yes Mistress."

As I straightened up, she gazed down at my engorged cockhead as it protruded out before me, dark purple and angry looking, bulging out from the black leather restraint, and smiled.

"I think you've had enough for your first training session. Erika, release him."

As I stood there, breathing heavily, my trainer stepped in front of me with her full breasts swaying invitingly. With a long thin whip dangling from her wrist, she unclipped the leash from my cock collar, and then released the tether from the leather band around my neck. Bending over, those rounded globes swung freely beneath her torso as she delicately unlaced the leather strap around my quivering hard-on. I could feel her warm breath wash over the swollen knob, shiny and wet from the constant drool streaming from the open hole.

Sliding it off my erection, she stood up and watched my rigid pole pulse excitedly. I gasped as she rubbed her thumb back and forth across the gaping eye, smearing the clear fluid over the taut skin and making it shinier than ever. Squeezing the base of my trembling stalk, she milked me, drawing more pre-cum up the full length of my bloated log and collected a large drop on the surface of her thumb. Grinning, she released me and met my gaze as she deliberately slipped her thumb between her lips and sucked.

"Yup. You taste just as sweet as I remember."

Mistress sat up and stretched, arching her back and shoving her superb breasts out toward us. Dark red and ferociously erect, her nipples stared back at me. My stiff cock lurched upward as I admired her glorious body.

As Mistress Shannon slid off the table and strolled to the back of the oversized room, I appreciated her shapely figure, her hips swaying with each step and her rounded ass revolving atop her long legs, the pale skin in sharp contrast to the black leather thigh boots. Without a look back, she disappeared behind a curtain hung from the high ceiling.

After tossing the leash and cock collar carelessly onto the table, Erika knelt between my feet, avoiding the hard cock jutting out from my crotch as she unfastened the spreader bar. My muscles were very stiff, and I walked painfully as she helped me to the door.

Pausing after she unbolted it, she turned to me and let her hand rest on my bare chest, toying with one semi-erect nipple, smiling.

"I enjoyed tonight, Bill."

She looked almost shy in the dim light as she fingered my stiffening button. I wanted to take her in my arms and give her a hug, but I didn't. I just smiled back at her.

"So did I Erika."

Looking down, she left my pulsing nipple and trailed her fingers down my torso. My cock was still hard, the leather strap tight around my balls. Gripping my swollen pole at the base of my shaft, she squeezed.

"So I see."

Taking her hand away, she grinned as she gestured up the stairs.

"There's a shower upstairs if you want to clean-up before going back to your dorm room. Goodnight."

With that, she gently pushed me out the door and shut it behind me, leaving me alone with my raging erection. I did take a shower, and as I luxuriated under the stinging spray, I tried to imagine what Mistress Shannon and Erika were doing downstairs. Some kind of Club debriefing? Or were they playing some more?

If this was the first training, what would the second one be like? And how many were there? As I trekked back across campus, my mind was busy, even if my body was exhausted. Once I arrived back at my dorm room, I promptly fell asleep, lying across my bed without ever turning down the sheets.

I didn't find the e-mail from the German department until the next morning.
