= windows tools =
== office ==
* wps, libreoffice, 福昕阅读器，CNK E-Study
* office2007: key: KGFVY-7733B-8WCK9-KTG64-BC7D8
* JabRef : bibliograth
* xmind
== eda ==
* quarter II, 
* Candance SPB166 + Segrity
* NetEditionLite :芯片解剖看图软件
* CAM350 : gerber reader
* AutoCAD 2014
== picture ==
* ps CS6 [[csl_ps]]
* CoreDraw X4 : DR14UB9C5BBM6U5ZNYTVUWEUQJVU
* GIMP 2
== video & audio ==
* Audacity
* 看看影音
== game ==
* wor3
* Hero3
* underground2
== daily tools ==
* 365日历
* 同花顺
* Mozilla
* 迅雷
* 搜狗输入法
== programme ==
* Vim
* python
= 数据库 =
* Redis 开源、支持网络、基于内存、键值对存储数据库。

= linux =
* apache2 : php webserver
* audacity : deal with audio
* Calligra Flow : flowchart & diagram editing
* diagram editor : dia is an editor for diagrams, graphs, charts etc.
* Freeplane : a free tool to structure and organise your information with mind mapping
* gimp : image editor
* git : 
* gramps : genealogy systom
* gtkwave : lxt wave viewer
* iverilog : Icarus verilog compiler
* inkscape : Inkscape Vector Graphics Editor
* pdfsam : split and merge pdf documents
* testdisk-> photorec : recover file
* texmaker : latex document editor
* totem : totem movie player
* [[application/GnuPG]] : encrytion tools
* lrzsz : 不同系统间文件传输工具
* ibus-setup : input methord
* python-mutagen : mid3iconv -e GBK *.mp3 ; change mp3 tip format
* stardict http://abloz.com/huzheng/stardict-dic/zh_CN/

== windows 登录 ubuntu 桌面 ==
* xrdp vnc4server xfce4 : 
* xrdp : An open source remote desktop protocol(rdp) server.
* vnc : In computing, Virtual Network Computing (VNC) is a graphical desktop sharing system that uses the Remote Frame Buffer protocol (RFB) to remotely control another computer.
* xfce4 :桌面 sudo apt-get install xubuntu-desktop echo “xfce4-session” <~/.xsession sudo service xrdp restart


== ssh ==
nohup ./*.sh & : 启动后台程序，关闭ssh仍然运行。
bg             : 将一个后台暂停的程序变为继续运行。
fg             : 将一个后台命令调到前台运行。

update-alternative : 更改软件默认使用的版本。

== eclim ==
eclimd
eclim -command shutdowm
:ShutdownEclim ; in  VIM
== install rpm file ==
 rpm -Uvh <rpm_package_file>
install deb file
 dpkg -i file.deb

== sys_info: ==
 dmidecode | grep -A16 "Memory Device"

== libreoffice: ==
 front: Simsun--宋体/ 仿宋_GB2312;仿宋
 fn <F3>: input formula and number

== untar: ==
 tar -xjvf *.tar.bz2
 unrar e *.rar
 iconv -f gbk -t utf8 source_file > target_file 
 gunzip zabbix-1.6.tar.gz && tar -xvf zabbix-1.6.tar

== unzip: ==
 LANG=C 7z x zip_file
 #convmv -f gbk -t utf8 -r --notest *
== ubuntu ==
* cron : ubuntu auto command. edit the file with 'crontab -e'

== gpg4win ==
window加密工具
使用方法：

1. 安装后，启动Kleopatra
2. 点击 Lookup Certificates on Server
3. 输入 0x0C420A05 , 点search
4. 找到后，点击Import。此时完成公钥导入。
5. File -> Sign/Encrypt File... 选择文件
6. next
7. 在选择公钥的窗口，选择公钥，点add，然后点Encrypt。
8. 完成文件加密，加密后的文件以gpg结尾。


