= 简介 =
* Zabbix is free, is written and distrubted under GPL2 General Public License.
* 
== 构件 ==
Server 		存储所有的信息，agent向其报告信息
Database Storage	配置和统计信息都存储在数据库中
Web interface	最好与Server在同一物理机器上
Proxy	Server的数据收集代理。用于分担单一Server的负担
Agent	Agent是部署在host的部件，实时监视本地资源和软件，并且向Server提交报告
== 数据流 ==
host <--------< trigger
action <--------^

= 相关概念 =
== Zabbix definitions ==
host		a networked device that you want to monitor, with IP/DNS
host group 	hosts and templates. access rights management for users.
item  		a metric of data 
trigger 	a logical expression that defines a problem threshold
event 		a single occurrence something that deserves attention
action	 	a predefined means of reacting to event
escalation	a custom scenario for excuting operations within an action
media		a means of delivering notification; delivery channel
notification
remote command	a pre-defined command that is automatically executed
template	a set of entities ready to be applied to hosts
application	a grouping of items in a logical group
web scenario	one or several HTTP requests to check the availabity of a web sit
frontend	the web interface provided by Zabbix
Zabbix API	it allows you to use JSON RPC protocol to create, update and fetch Zabbix objects or perform any other custom tasks
Zabbix Server	a central process of Zabbix software; a central repository of data
Zabbix Agent	a process deployed on monitoring targets to actively monitor local resources and applications
Zabbix Proxy	a process that may collect data on behalf of Zabbix Server, taking some processing load off of the server
== Server ==
== Java gateway ==
monitoring JMX application 
sender/get command
requires significant CPU resources.

= Zabbix简介 =
Zabbix是开源商用分布式监视软件。它能够监控大量网络参数和服务器状态，可以提供多种提醒手段，能够提供图形化的报告。
它的所有配置都是基于Web终端的。Zabbix主程序是使用C语言编写，前端使用PHP.
== 基本配置需求： ==
操作系统：	Linux
数据库：	MySQL Oracle
== 500台服务的硬件需求： ==
64位操作系统
AMD Athlon 3200+
2G内存
MySQL InnoDB
== 软件需求： ==
Apache 1.3.12
PHP:php-gd, php-bcmath, 其中php-gd要支持PNG image
MySQL
== Zabbix 1.6.9 ==
# In mysql, change type=InnoDB to engine=InnoDB.
# 安装develop package 包：libmysqlclient-dev
# 可选。使用Japper作为即时通讯工具 包：jabberd2 
# curl: 基于url语法的在命令行下传输文件的工具。 包：libcrul4-openssl-dev
# net-snmp 包：snmp,snmpd,libsnmp-dev
# php5-gd
# /etc/php5/apache2/php.ini
 - max execution time : 30 -> 300
 - timezone :Asia/Hong_Kong
 - 增加 extension php5
=== server ===
log文件增加读写权限
`ipcrm -S xxx`
/etc/zabbix/zabbix_sever.conf中，增加数据库密码
=== agent ===
Hostname=zabbix server #必须与zabbix创建的host监控项目中的name标签相同
=== web front end ===
{{{
cp -rp frontend/php /var/www/zabbix
/etc/apache2/httpd.conf
group zabbix
user zabbix
}}}
user_count Admin
password zabbix

zabbix server 能够监控log，并且获得log文件内容。
在中央监控器的server上，可以设置log监控。
为log file增加trigger。
每天的log保存为当天的文件，新的log file名称固定。
在server中，增加triiger，每月的log file打包压缩保存（或检查）。


